
react has webpack underneath the hood so it does the bundling of code for us.  import React from 'react';
react is a view library. react dom can be used to render to DOM sites. react native can be used to render 
to mobile phones.   
i want the reactdom package to use the function render   and it renders whatever is in the parameters . 
destructuring: import {component}    also /app.js    make sure you change your files to javacsript babel. 

component has the rule that it must render something.  creating your own custom components.  one parent that 
has children. if your building a component it should be capitalized e.g Hello 
cra is so aweomse  it shows you exactly what the errors are.   
export default Hello   to export the class / component.   dfault meaning one thing. 
within the render function we tell it what we want to return.   now test your website in the browser (using
live-server)   tada!  we just created our very first react component.  return expects a single thing
you cant give it multiple lines.   the cool tachyons css package.   predefined things   
npm install tachyons   now import tachyons in your index.js  file.   
tachyons style input.   search it. inline styles       class = " f1 tc"   f1 = font 1 and tc = text-center
npm start        in the terminal  to make sure your server is running.    one trick  react is great at giving 
you errors. why className  instead of class   on your component?    JSX  -  it allows you to write this 
html like synthax.  in a js file!   inreact   each component is its own sepearate universe.  
separation of concerns?     react uses JSX to create their virtual DOM.   as long as you wrap it in 
brackets   return ()   we can use html   class is a reserved keyword in Js  so just do className. 
we can add props   to our render.    you now have access in hello.js  to props.  greeting. {this.props.greeting} 
this = this object   props = has properties   greetings = which is greetings.   
the synthax may be confusing but in reality this is just a function.   its just functions.  react - we 
are creating functions that take parameters.  

Robofriends react project -  lets build the card component.  start deleting things we dont need. such as app.js 
lets  create a card component.    instead of the class way we will build a function.  const Card = (){ }
if we remove import react we get errors. so.  react  must be in  scope when using JSX 
use robohash  API   to get random robot profile images.  it gives you random robots. change the ending of
the https url path.  return a title?  we need to return one thing.   make sure it is one things. one element.
in this case the div element. on reactdomrender  you can render multiple card components. 
thanks to tchyons  the package we can use really nice synthax.  we want it to be dynamic so we need props 
properties   an array of objects - our robots.js  file  an array of objects.  export ... means the 
file could have nultiple exports.   for ones that arent default you have to destructure it 
import {robots} from './robots;         import { robots, cats } from  './robots.js';
now we can give it some properties. (our components)   we need to now go into card.js  and 
allow our component to accept parameters.  (props)    it is a js expression so wrap it in curly brackets
{props.name}